Recommend collecting one week of logs (#1670)
stacks-network/docs: guides-and-tutorials/running-a-signer/best-practices-to-run-a-signer.md

This setup ensures that if one instance fails the other can continue operations
without interruption.

### Monitor your Signer and collect logs

- See
  [here](https://www.notion.so/guides-and-tutorials/running-a-signer/how-to-monitor-signer.md)
  on how to set up monitoring.

> - Keep 1 week of logs for both the Signer and the Stacks node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Retain at least 1 week of logs for both the Signer and the Stacks node.
```

Author: Thank you!
